Rewrite "Extracting ethnicity..." section (#628)
opensafely/documentation: docs/study-def-tricks.md

        ethnicity_codes,  # the codelist
        returning="category",
        find_last_match_in_period=True,  # most recent code
        return_expectations={
            "category": {"ratios": {"1": 0.2, "2": 0.2, "3": 0.2, "4": 0.2, "5": 0.2}},
            "incidence": 0.75,
        },
    ),
)
```

The following [scripted action](actions-scripts.md) (`analysis/join_ethnicity.py`) demonstrates how we would join each index date's extract to the ethnicity extract:

```python
import pathlib

import pandas

path_to_output = pathlib.Path("output")

input_ethnicity = pandas.read_feather(path_to_output / "input_ethnicity.feather")

for path in path_to_output.iterdir():
    if not path.name.startswith("input") or path.name == "input_ethnicity.feather":
        continue

    input_other = pandas.read_feather(path)
    input_other = input_other.merge(input_ethnicity, how="left", on="patient_id")

    # If the old path was "output/input_2021-01-01.feather", then the new
    # path will be "output/input_2021-01-01_merged.feather".
    new_path = path_to_output / f"{input_other.stem}_merged{input_other.suffix}"
    input_other.to_feather(new_path)
```

> You can find a Python example in [this repo](https://github.com/opensafely/sro-template) and an R example in [this repo](https://github.com/opensafely/sro-template).

Reviewer: question: is the link to the R example correct here? I checked the linked repository but can't find any R code there (unless I'm missing something). Or is it supposed to be the [original link](https://github.com/opensafely/covid_mortality_over_time)?

Reviewer: suggestion: Perhaps consider make the "this repo" link text more useful, especially as it's duplicated in the same sentence. For example:

```suggestion
### Research examples

Refer to existing research repositories using this extraction approach:

* [Python code](https://github.com/opensafely/sro-template)
* [R code](https://github.com/opensafely/covid_mortality_over_time).
```

The above change :arrow_up: assumes that the original link to the R code is correct, and the change to `sro-template` is a mistake.
